Minor update parallel computing guide (#1985)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/userdoc/guides/parallel_computing.rst

  replica of the device. In this case, both the pre- and postsynaptic nodes are
  handled by the virtual process to which the neuron is assigned.

.. note::

>   In an MPI-parallel simulation, the spike detector on each MPI process only gets the spikes of
>   neurons simulated on that MPI process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In an MPI-parallel simulation, the spike recorder on each MPI process only records the spikes of
  neurons simulated on that MPI process.
```
